Art Analytics Use Case
----------------------

EverKonw is a tech organisation tightly connected with the Museum of Contemporary Digital Art (MoCDA), where it serves as technological advisory and R&D arm.
In the analysis of MoCDA's business and cultural outreach models, we observe that it exercises an outstanding influence with its curatorial and social activities on a variety of top class art platforms and marketplaces. 

However it is increasingly challenging for MoCDA's directors, curators, partners, collectors, traders and artists to access comprehensive, richer, agnostic and interoperable sources of information, which are needed to operate on the art market. MoCDA has successfully collaborated with [nonfungible.com](nonfungible.com), and regularly uses this tool to acquire business intelligence information.

It is increasingly evident however that such a generalised tool dedicated to the broader spectrum of traded NFT collectibles, although qualifying as one of the best on the market nowadays, lacks the specific capacity to serve the art market and MoCDA's activities.
Specifically we observe that MoCDA launches exhibitions, curates collections, influences the perception on artists. The impact of MoCDA's influence however is not sufficiently measurable as the dominant measurement derived from state of the art tools nowadays is predominantly linked to traded values limited on popular networks such as Ethereum. This is not sufficient any longer, and poses a difficult constraint on the cultural activities and the interoperable evolution the market is embarking on.

We see additional sources needed not only to cover a much larger pools of networks, Polkadot and Kusama possibly being on the front line of this emerging interoperable, sharded and compositional trend, but also social media sentiment, marketplace and exhibition relatetd telemetry data. Correlating the market response with curatorial and promotional activities is key, in order to measure the quality of MoCDA's influence and also in order to monetise accordingly, given that at present this correlation is often up for debate, rather than supported by the objective evidence of data.

Apart from this cultural and promotional focus on quality art, for which MoCDA prides itself to be one of the most respected and influential force in the market, there is also an awareness that the art trading activity as it expands is likely to come under the scrutiny of the regulatory compliance governmental bodies.
It is MoCDA's and EverKnow's intention to provision the capacity to drive market intelligence tools capable of responding to regulatory requests and produce risk profiles associated to traders, marketplaces and collectors. This tool does not yet exists to our awarenes, but as an analogy [Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com/) can be considered the non specialised fungible version of what is needed for the art market.

